#LyX 2.4 created this file. For more info see https://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 620
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass amsart
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{graphicx, amsmath}
\thispagestyle{empty}
\renewcommand\labelenumi{\theenumi}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
enumitem
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children no
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto-legacy
\fontencoding default
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_roman_osf false
\font_sans_osf false
\font_typewriter_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures false
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement class
\float_alignment class
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize letter
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_formatted_ref 0
\use_minted 0
\use_lineno 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 1cm
\bottommargin 3cm
\headheight 1cm
\headsep 1cm
\footskip 1cm
\secnumdepth 1
\tocdepth 1
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tablestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\change_bars false
\postpone_fragile_content false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\docbook_table_output 0
\docbook_mathml_prefix 1
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Statement of Career Goals
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Lin JIU
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I view Mathematics as a symbol and universal language and I am amazed by its beauty,
 power,
 and complexity,
 which,
 I am devoted to pursue and share with the others,
 as my lifelong commitment.
 To achieve or to contribute to such a meaningful advancement,
 it requires sustained research,
 dedicated teaching,
 and active engagement in academia.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In research,
 my focus lies in number theory and combinatorics,
 mainly with symbolic and probabilistic tools.
 New aspects and methods,
 especially with interdisciplinary collaborations,
 allow me to explore the unknowns,
 as well as to revisit classic results with novel applications and interpretations.
 In the near future,
 I plan to expand upon my current work on probabilistic and combinatorial models,
 special functions,
 symbolic computation methods and packages;
 while in the long term,
 more intersections with computer algebra,
 differential and information geometry can be expected.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In teaching,
 which is equally essential for my academic identity,
 I am willing to modify part of my teaching and adopt new already tested techniques into my course.
 This continuous adjustment encourages me to constantly reconsider the purpose and aims of the course and my teaching strategies.
 Both rigor and accessibility in class are equally important.
 In particular,
 encouraging students to access abstract concepts as part of a larger intellectual landscape.
 I am also committed to mentoring students at different levels,
 helping them navigate challenges,
 including but not limit to,
 major and courses plans,
 students research projects,
 and cultivation on the sense of belonging to the mathematical community.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Beyond research and teaching,
 I see academic life as a collaborative endeavor.
 I aim to contribute to departmental and university service,
 organize seminars and workshops,
 and participate actively in conferences.
 Such involvement is crucial for building networks that enrich scholarship and create opportunities for students and colleagues alike.
 In addition,
 I am deeply committed to promoting diversity and inclusivity,
 ensuring that the discipline welcomes and supports a broad range of voices and perspectives.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My ultimate career goal is to become a faculty member who manages to balance high-level research with dedicated teaching and mentorship.
 I envision a career defined by intellectual discovery,
 collaboration,
 and service,
 with the long-term aspiration of contributing to the enduring body of mathematical knowledge while inspiring and supporting the next generation of mathematicians.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
